the showdown between Pistol Pete and the
skadam of third round of the 1996 open
was a battle between two of the game's
hardest hitters
but few pundits gave the
nineteen-year-old local let any hope
against the world number one who had
already amassed eight single slams to
his name undeterred the Scud fired 29
aces to San Francisco
dismantling the American and straight
sit in front of a raucous partisan crowd
stand to the pieces ace adopting a chip
and chars technique Philippoussis
required two tiebreaks to secure victory
but always have the edge on Santos
is not mine a mistake all night
the young Aussie synthetic performance
coupled some experts to describe it as
the greatest Australian victory since
Pat Cash won Wimbledon in 1987
is not doing better is it was one of the
greatest giant killing acts in the
history of the Australian Open not only
was the world number one beaten by a 19
year old rookie he was literally blown
off the court by the might empower of
one of the biggest hitters the game has
ever seen a new Australian ace had come
of age